## v0.8 - Let's Brawl!!
- [x] Removed the four old subclasses
- [ ] Added Brawl Stars content
    - [ ] Added 5 new gadgets
        - [ ] T-Bone Injector: Heals 100 HP (Bulls Gadget)
        - [x] Cardboard Box: Invisibility for 3 seconds (Kits Gadget)
    - [ ] Added in all common gears and some epic gears
    - [ ] Added in 10 star powers
    - [ ] Added in 3 hypercharges
### v0.8.1 - More Content
- [ ] Added the CASH REGISTER
    - Kill enemies to gain points
    - The more points you have, the more points you get
    - If you die, your points reset
    - You can right-click on the item while favourited to CASH OUT
    - Cashing Out converts 1 point to 1 copper coin.
- [ ] Added RISK & REWARD
    - Your health is capped to 1
    - Your damage is increased by 25%
    - Instakill anything with Max HP less than 500
- [ ] Added HATRED
    - Life can no longer be recovered by regeneration or health potions
    - Life is regenerated by hitting enemies
- [ ] Added DEVOTION
    - Melee weapons no longer shoot projectles
    - The projectiles get converted into a +150% damage boost.
- [ ] Added RISKY REGISTER
    - **Crafting Recipe:** CASH REGISTER + RISK & RWARDS
    - Kill enemies to gain points. (+50% point gain compared to CASH REGISTER)
    - The more points you have, the more points you get. (+25% faster ramp-up)
    - If you get hit, you die and your points reset.
    - Right-click on the item to CASH OUT
    - Cashing Out converts 1 point to 2 copper coins.
    - Cannot be equiååed with the RISK & REWARDS or CASH REGISTER
- [ ] Added Mana Musket Pouch
    - 9 ranged + magic damage
    - Requires 4 mana per bullet
- [ ] Added Mana Quiver
    - 7 ranged + magic damage
    - Requires 4 mana per arrow
### v0.8.2 - Mining
- [ ] Added Drill Helmet
    - Enemies that land of you take damage!
- [ ] Added Drill Booster
    - Double-tap UP to dash upwards, dealing damage to enemies and breaking blocks
    - Double tap DOWN to turn upside-down and dash downwards, dealing damage to enemies and breaking blocks.
## v0.9 - Seal Broken
- [ ] Added THE SEAL
    - It is obtained at the start of all Master worlds
    - It turns the world into a UNSEALED world
- [ ] Added new UNSEALED difficulty
    - More loot with unique rarities.
    - More enemies, that are dangerous (some cannot be killed and one-shot you.)
    - Everything is more unstable
        - Each hit to the player has a 10% chance to instantly eliminate them
        - Each hit to the player has a 33% chance to penetrate all armor
        - Each hit to an enemy has a 0.1% chance to penetrate all armor